# MowItNow Application

The MowItNow application is designed to simulate lawn mowing operations.
The application is built using Java and uses Spring Batch for processing.

## Docker Image

The application is packaged into a Docker image for easy deployment and execution.

### Building the Docker Image

To build the Docker image, navigate to the project directory and execute the following command:
```
docker build -t mowitnow-app .
```

### Running the Docker Image

To run the Docker image, execute the following command:
```
docker run --name mowitnow-container -d -v /absolute/path/to/project/src/test/resources:/data mowitnow-app filePath=/data/input.txt
```

Replace `/absolute/path/to/project` with the actual path to your project directory..

This command will start a new container from the `mowitnow-app` image, mapping the local `src/test/resources` directory to the container's `/data` directory.

The `--filePath` parameter specifies the path to the input file within the container.

#### Viewing the Output of the Running Container

After running the Docker container, you can view the output by executing the following command:
```
docker logs mowitnow-container
```
This command will display the logs generated by the `mowitnow-container`. If you want to see the logs in real-time, you can add the `-f` flag:
```
docker logs -f mowitnow-container
```
### Running the Application without docker

To run the application with a specific filePath, you can use the following command:
```
java -jar app.jar --filePath=/path/input.txt
```
Replace `/path/input.txt` with the actual path to your input file.


### GitLab CI/CD

The project includes a `.gitlab-ci.yml` file to define a pipeline for building, testing, packaging, deploying, and running the application.

The pipeline stages include:

1. **Build**: Compile the project using Maven.
2. **Test**: Runs unit tests using Maven.
3. **Package**: Create the JAR file for the application.
4. **Deploy**: Builds and pushes the Docker image to the registry.
5. **Run**: Launches the application in a container using the Docker image.

To use the pipeline, ensure you have a GitLab CI/CD environment set up and configured.
